We met at a party when I was in the military.
I was on the dance floor, and I saw Frenchie.
And I was like, ‘Oh!
I’m going to talk to this girl right here.’
The whole time we were just smiling
at each other
—this instant attraction.
It was mutual.
Gradually, we were living together.
And a few months go by,
and things are going well,
and then I find out I’m pregnant.
And he left.
I was shocked
(though I shouldn’t have been),
but I was shocked.
And truthfully, I was scared,
like, ‘What am I going to do now?’
I felt like a failure,
and I kept asking myself,
‘How did I let this happen?’
I knew that I had to be there,
and I wanted to be there.
I just didn’t know how.
We prayed together
for the first time as a couple.
That was a Friday night.
Saturday morning, we had a knock on the door.
We decided to have a Bible study.
They had us study the chapter
on family life and marriage.
At that moment,
I knew that I wanted to have our relationship
be honorable before Jehovah.
You learn that Jehovah
meant for marriages to be a permanent bond.
The insecurities of every disagreement
ending in a breakup or a divorce
—all of that went away.
We started to see Jehovah’s training
in practical ways,
just learning
how to be a husband
who respected and cared for his wife.
We became partners
—a team, a complement—
and that was only because Jehovah
taught us how to do it.
Though it was difficult at the outset,
we made that decision
to dedicate our life to do Jehovah’s will,
and we got baptized together.
We’ve been married 25 years,
and the insecurities are gone.
I focus on all the blessings that have come
just from keeping Jehovah in our life,
and that’s the best feeling in the world.
You can go at it on your own,
but you’ll never find the joy,
you’ll never find the peace,
you’ll never find the security
that comes from doing it Jehovah’s way.